feat: add OpenTelemetry tracing to spanner calls (#107)
googleapis/python-spanner: docs/opentelemetry-tracing.rst

Tracing with OpenTelemetry
==================================

> Python-spanner uses `OpenTelemetry <https://opentelemetry.io/>`_ to automatically generates traces providing insight on calls to Cloud Spanner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library uses `OpenTelemetry <https://opentelemetry.io/>`_ to automatically generates traces providing insight on calls to Cloud Spanner. 
```

The documentation is already associated with the library so it shouldn't need to be stated.
